## === DAILY REPORT 30/10 ===

**TODAY**

### Projects Progress

    - Link template landing page: https://www.figma.com/file/TUah0BxjlAI96Z49AbZjFB/banking-web-landing-page-(Community)?node-id=0%3A1&mode=dev
    - React landing page: 45%

### Advanced Javascript Concept

1. Web Workers (previous daily report)

2. SSE (Server-Sent Event)

- A server-sent event is when a web page automatically gets updates from a server. This was also possible before, but the web page would have to ask if any updates were available. With server-sent events, the updates come automatically.

Examples: Facebook/Twitter updates, stock price updates, news feeds, sport results, etc.

- Difference: SSE is a one way messaging not like web sockets and it's easier to implement,setup. SSE works with normal HTTP (not require new server or special protocol). SSE also can automatically connect to server when being disconnected.

- The server-sent event API is contained in the EventSource interface.

```
//client.js
const eventSource = new EventSource('http://localhost:8000')

function updateMessage(message){
    const list=document.getElementById('messages')
    const item=document.createElement('p')
    item.textContext=message
    list.appendChild(item)
}

eventSource.onmessage=function(event)=>{
    updateMessage(event.data)
}

eventSource.onerror=function()=>{
    updateMessage('Server closed')
    eventSource.close() //close event streams
}

//server.js: normal backend with port 8000 sending event from server to client
```

3. Web Sockets

- The WebSocket API is an advanced technology that makes it possible to open a two-way interactive communication session between the user's browser and a server. With this API, you can send messages to a server and receive event-driven responses without having to poll the server for a reply.

-> This is for a realtime application when you need to update app constantly without call api every time wanting to update. EX: chat, facetime... using long polling.

NOTE: Web Sockets is a seperated protocol comparing to http

Example with websocket:

```
// Create WebSocket connection.
const socket = new WebSocket("ws://localhost:8080");

// Connection opened
socket.addEventListener("open", (event) => {
  socket.send("Hello Server!");
});

// Listen for messages
socket.addEventListener("message", (event) => {
  console.log("Message from server ", event.data);
});

-> This is just create new websocket, to use them you need to send message from the client. And then this backend processes, return message for client.
```

- Events:

* close: Fired when a connection with a WebSocket is closed
* error: Fired when a connection with a WebSocket has been closed because of an error
* message: Fired when data is received through a WebSocket
* open: Fired when a connection with a WebSocket is opened

## Issues

None
