## === DAILY REPORT 16/10 ===

**Today**

### HTML

1. HTML Semantic Elements?

    - A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.

    - Examples of non-semantic elements: `<div>` and `<span>` - Tells nothing about its content.

    - Examples of semantic elements: `<form>`, `<table>`, and `<article>` - Clearly defines its content. 

2. SEO?

    - Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of improving the quality and quantity of website traffic to a website or a web page from search engines.

### CSS

1. Flexbox, Grid?

    - Flexbox: Flexbox is a one-dimensional layout method for arranging items in rows or columns. Items flex (expand) to fill additional space or shrink to fit into smaller spaces.

    - Grid: CSS grid layout is a two-dimensional layout system for the web. It lets you organize content into rows and columns and offers many features to simplify the creation of complex layouts.

2. Media queries?

    - Media queries allow you to apply CSS styles depending on a device's general type (such as print vs. screen) or other characteristics such as screen resolution or browser viewport width.

    - Media queries are used for the following:
        + To conditionally apply styles with the CSS @media and @import at-rules.
        + To target specific media for the <style>, <link>, <source>, and other HTML elements with the media= attribute.
        + To test and monitor media states using the Window.matchMedia() and EventTarget.addEventListener() methods.

3. Animation?

    - CSS allows animation of HTML elements without using JavaScript or Flash!

    - An animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.

    - You can change as many CSS properties you want, as many times as you want.

    - To use CSS animation, you must first specify some keyframes for the animation.

    - Keyframes hold what styles the element will have at certain times.

    - Animation properties:
        + @keyframes
        + animation-name
        + animation-duration
        + animation-delay
        + animation-iteration-count
        + animation-direction
        + animation-timing-function
        + animation-fill-mode
        + animation

4. Pseudo-class & pseudo-element?

    - A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element (:hover, :focus, :disabled, :visited, first-child,...).

    - A CSS pseudo-element is used to style specified parts of an element (::before, ::after, ::selection, ::marker, ::first-line, ::first-letter).

5. TailwindCSS

    - TailwindCSS is a utility-first CSS framework packed with classes like flex, pt-4, text-center and rotate-90 that can be composed to build any design, directly in your markup.

    - Tailwind CSS works by scanning all of your HTML files, JavaScript components, and any other templates for class names, generating the corresponding styles and then writing them to a static CSS file.

## Issues

None
