## === DAILY REPORT 24/10 ===

**Today**

### Rest

1. What is Rest?
    - The rest parameter syntax allows a function to accept an indefinite number of arguments as an array, providing a way to represent variadic functions in JavaScript.

2. Description
    - A function definition's last parameter can be prefixed with `...`, which will cause all remaining (user supplied) parameters to be placed within an Array object.

    - The difference between rest parameters and the arguments object:
        + The arguments object is not a real array, while rest parameters are `Array` instances, meaning methods like `sort()`, `map()`, `forEach()` or `pop()` can be applied on it directly.

        + The arguments object has the additional (deprecated) `callee` property.

        + In a non-strict function with simple parameters, the arguments object syncs its indices with the values of parameters. The rest parameter array never updates its value when the named parameters are re-assigned.

        + The rest parameter bundles all the extra parameters into a single array, but does not contain any named argument defined before the `...restParam`. The arguments object contains all of the parameters — including the parameters in the `...restParam` array — bundled into one array-like object.

3. Example
```
function myFun(a, b, ...manyMoreArgs) {
  console.log("a", a);
  console.log("b", b);
  console.log("manyMoreArgs", manyMoreArgs);
}

myFun("one", "two", "three", "four", "five", "six");

// a, "one"
// b, "two"
// manyMoreArgs, ["three", "four", "five", "six"] <-- an array

```
### Projects Progress

    - Portfolio: 100%
    - Landing page: 100%

## Issues

None
