## === DAILY REPORT 30/10 ===

**Yesterday**

### Web Workers

1. Definition

  - When executing scripts in an HTML page, the page becomes unresponsive until the script is finished.

  - A web worker is a JavaScript that runs in the background, independently of other scripts, without affecting the performance of the page. You can continue to do whatever you want: clicking, selecting things, etc., while the web worker runs in the background.

2. How to use

  - Spawning a dedicated worker

    + Call the `Worker()` constructor, specifying the URI of a script to execute in the worker thread

    ```js
    const myWorker = new Worker("worker.js");
    ```

  - Sending messages to and from a dedicated worker

    + When you want to send a message to the worker, you post messages to it

    ```js
    first.onchange = () => {
    myWorker.postMessage([first.value, second.value]);
    console.log("Message posted to worker");
    };

    second.onchange = () => {
    myWorker.postMessage([first.value, second.value]);
    console.log("Message posted to worker");
    };    
    ```

    + We have two `<input>` elements represented by the variables first and second; when the value of either is changed, `myWorker.postMessage([first.value,second.value])` is used to send the value inside both to the worker, as an array.

    + In the worker, we can respond when the message is received by writing an event handler block

    ```js
    onmessage = (e) => {
    console.log("Message received from main script");
    const workerResult = `Result: ${e.data[0] * e.data[1]}`;
    console.log("Posting message back to main script");
    postMessage(workerResult);
    };
    ```

    + The `onmessage` handler allows us to run some code whenever a message is received, with the message itself being available in the message event's data attribute. Here we multiply together the two numbers then use `postMessage()` again, to post the result back to the main thread.

    + Back in the main thread, we use onmessage again, to respond to the message sent back from the worker

    ```js
    myWorker.onmessage = (e) => {
    result.textContent = e.data;
    console.log("Message received from worker");
    };
    ```

    + We grab the message event data and set it as the `textContent` of the result paragraph, so the user can see the result of the calculation.

  - Terminating a worker

    + If you need to immediately terminate a running worker from the main thread, you can do so by calling the worker's `terminate` method

    ```js
    myWorker.terminate();
    ```

### SSE (server-sent events)

1. Server-sent events

  - Developing a web application that uses server-sent events is straightforward. You'll need a bit of code on the server to stream events to the front-end, but the client side code works almost identically to websockets in part of handling incoming events. This is a one-way connection, so you can't send events from a client to a server.

2. How to use

  - Receiving events from the server

    + Creating an EventSource instance

      * To open a connection to the server to begin receiving events from it, create a new `EventSource` object with the URL of a script that generates the events.

      ```js
      const evtSource = new EventSource("ssedemo.php");
      ```

      * If the event generator script is hosted on a different origin, a new `EventSource` object should be created with both the URL and an options dictionary. For example, assuming the client script is on `example.com`:

      ```js
      const evtSource = new EventSource("//api.example.com/ssedemo.php", {
      withCredentials: true,
      });
      ```

    + Listening for `message` events

      * Messages sent from the server that don't have an `event` field are received as `message` events. To receive message events, attach a handler for the `message` event:

    ```js
    evtSource.onmessage = (event) => {
    const newElement = document.createElement("li");
    const eventList = document.getElementById("list");

    newElement.textContent = `message: ${event.data}`;
    eventList.appendChild(newElement);
    };
    ```

    + Listening for custom events

      * Messages from the server that do have an `event` field defined are received as events with the name given in `event`. For example:

    ```js
    evtSource.addEventListener("ping", (event) => {
    const newElement = document.createElement("li");
    const eventList = document.getElementById("list");
    const time = JSON.parse(event.data).time;
    newElement.textContent = `ping at ${time}`;
    eventList.appendChild(newElement);
    });
    ```

  - Error handling

    + When problems occur (such as a network timeout or issues pertaining to access control), an error event is generated. You can take action on this programmatically by implementing the `onerror` callback on the `EventSource` object:

    ```js
    evtSource.onerror = (err) => {
    console.error("EventSource failed:", err);
    };
    ```

  - Closing event streams

    + By default, if the connection between the client and server closes, the connection is restarted. The connection is terminated with the `.close()` method.

    ```js
    evtSource.close();
    ```

### Web Sockets

1. Definition

  - The `WebSocket` object provides the API for creating and managing a WebSocket connection to a server, as well as for sending and receiving data on the connection.

2. How to use

  - Creating a WebSocket object

    + In order to communicate using the WebSocket protocol, you need to create a `WebSocket` object; this will automatically attempt to open the connection to the server.

    ```js
    const exampleSocket = new WebSocket(
    "wss://www.example.com/socketserver",
    "protocolOne",
    );
    ```

    + If you want to open a connection and are flexible about the protocols you support, you can specify an array of protocols:

    ```js
    const exampleSocket = new WebSocket("wss://www.example.com/socketserver", [
    "protocolOne",
    "protocolTwo",
    ]);
    ```

  - Sending data to the server

```js
exampleSocket.send("Here's some text that the server is urgently awaiting!");
```

    + You can send data as a `string`, `Blob`, or `ArrayBuffer`.

  - Receiving messages from the server

    + WebSockets is an event-driven API; when messages are received, a `message` event is sent to the `WebSocket` object. To handle it, add an event listener for the `message` event, or use the `onmessage` event handler.

    ```js
    exampleSocket.onmessage = (event) => {
    console.log(event.data);
    };
    ```

  - Closing the connection

```js
exampleSocket.close();
```

**Today**

  - Adjust landing page's design

## Issues

None
