
OBJECTS
- Objects come in two forms:
    The declarative(literal):

        var myObj = {
        key: value
        // ...
        };
    The constructed form:

        var myObj = new Object();
        myObj.key = value;

TYPE: 6 primary types
    string
    number
    boolean
    null
    undefined
    object
    symbol-- added in es6

    //check type
    typeof undefined     === "undefined"; // true

Async - declare an asynchronous 
function (async function someName(){...})
    * Automatically transform a regular function into a Promise
    * When calling async function it will handle everything and return the result in its function
    * Async allows the use of Await

Await - temporarily use the implementation of functions
 async ( var result = await someAsyncCall()).

    * when placed before a Promise, it waits until the Promise ends and returns the result
    * Await only works with Promises, it doesn't work with callbacks
    * Await can only be used inside async functions
  
Callback() is a piece of running code that is used as an argument to some function b. Function A is called immediately or a little later after function b is called
**Performance**

- The Performance interface provides access to performance-related information for the current page

**Event loop** (50%)
- Stack is a special memory area on a computer chip for the execution of functions. A function is called, it is pushed into a special queue called stack. Stack is a Last In First Out queue.

function Bar() {

}
 function Foo() {
     Bar();
 }

 Foo();
 
 ==>When Bar() is done and returns, it's Foo()'s turn to be processed

- Heap is a memory area used to store temporary results for the execution of functions in the stack.

- Event loop: is a mechanism that helps Javascript to perform many operations at the same time (concurrency).
  Event loop read Stack and Event Queue. If(Stack is emtpty)=> pick up the first Event in the Event Queue and the Handker associated with that event and push it to the Stack.

**Es6 and beyond** (50%)
let 
    + used to initialize a variable
    + variable is only valid inside the block-scoped.
    EX: {
        let a = 2, b, c;
    }

const 
    + generate constant
    EX: {
        const a = 2;
        console.log( a );       // 2

        a = 3;   // TypeError!
    }

Block-scoped Functions

    {
        foo();                                  // Làm Việc!

        function foo() {
                // ..
        }
    }

    foo();  //error

Spread/Rest == apply () //concat()
    EX:

        function foo(x,y,z) {
        console.log( x, y, z );
        }

        foo( ...[1,2,3] );   // 1 2 3

        