# === DAILY REPORT 23/05 ===

## Javascript

**Event loop**

- JavaScript has a runtime model based on an event loop, which is responsible for executing the code, collecting and processing events, and executing queued sub-tasks.
- This model is quite different from models in other languages like C and Java.

**requestAnimationFrame, cancelAnimationFrame**

- The window.requestAnimationFrame() method tells the browser that you wish to perform an animation and requests that the browser calls a specified function to update an animation before the next repaint.
- The method takes a callback as an argument to be invoked before the repaint.

**HTML dataset**

- The dataset read-only property of the HTMLElement interface provides read/write access to custom data attributes

**Event bubbling/Event propagation**

- Event bubbling is a method of event propagation in the HTML DOM API when an event is in an element inside another element, and both elements have registered a handle to that event.
- It is a process that starts with the element that triggered the event and then bubbles up to the containing elements in the hierarchy.

**cookies, localStorage, sessionStorage**

- Local Storage
  - Local Storage is a web storage method that helps us store data on the client’s computer in the form of key/value pairs in a web browser.
  - The data is stored in local storage for a lifetime unless the user manually deletes it from the browser.
  - It does not expire even when the user closes the window or tab.
- sessionStorage
  - The sessionStorage is very similar to the localStorage.
  - Once you close the tab or terminate the session, the data on session storage also gets lost.
- cookies
  - Cookies are categorized into two types: session cookies and persistent cookies.
    - Session cookies do not specify the attributes such as Expires or Max-Age and hence are removed when the browser is closed.
    - Persistent cookies specify the Expires or Max-Age attributes. These cookies do not expire on closing the browser but will expire at a specific date (Expires) or length of time (Max-Age).

**JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures**

> Ex:

```javascript

```

## Issues

None
